Service fees help Airbnb support hosts and cover the cost of things like payment processing, marketing, and customer service. 

They’re a percentage of your nightly price plus any fees you’ve added, like a cleaning fee. Service fees are deducted from your price to calculate your payout. There are 2 types of fee structures on Airbnb: split fee and single fee.

Split fee
Hosts and guests each pay their own service fees. A 3% host fee is deducted from your price to calculate your payout.* In addition, guests pay a 14.1% to 16.5% service fee on top of your price. This means you set one price but guests see and pay another. For example, if you set your price at $100 USD, you earn $97 and your guests pay about $115.

Single fee
A single service fee is deducted from your price to calculate your payout. It’s typically 14 to 16%.** This means you set the price guests see and pay. For example, with a 15.5% single fee, if you set your price at $115, you earn $97.18 and your guests pay $115.

The single fee is required for traditional hospitality listings, including most hotel listings and serviced apartments. Most hosts who use property management or channel management software are also on a single fee.

Why does Airbnb charge service fees?
Service fees help Airbnb run smoothly and support hosts. They cover the cost of things like:

Processing guest payments
Marketing listings to guests
24/7 customer support
Where do I find the service fee?
Open any booking on your calendar, or any transaction in your earnings dashboard, to see a price breakdown. You’ll find the service fee on its own line.

Learn more about service fees on the Help Center, which has articles on:

Airbnb service fees
Value Added Tax (VAT)
Airbnb Experiences and Airbnb Services
Service fee refunds for guests
*Some pay more, including some hosts with listings in Italy and Brazil.

**Hosts with super strict cancellation policies may pay a higher fee.

In some countries and regions, taxes are included in the total price displayed. The total price including taxes is always displayed prior to checkout.

Information contained in this article may have changed since publication.